# Privacy
## Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the policies of The Euler Foundation,
4th Floor, Harbour Place, 103 South Church Street, P.O. Box 10240,
Grand Cayman KY1-1002, George Town, Cayman Islands on the
collection, use and disclosure of your information that we collect
when you use our website ([euler.finance](https://www.euler.finance/) or [app.euler.finance](https://app.euler.finance/)) (the “Service”). By accessing or using the Service, you are
consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your information
in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to the
same, please do not access or use the Service.

We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time without any prior
notice to you and will post the revised Privacy Policy on the
Service. The revised Policy will be effective 180 days from when the
revised Policy is posted in the Service and your continued access or
use of the Service after such time will constitute your acceptance
of the revised Privacy Policy. We therefore recommend that you
periodically review this page.

### How We Use Your Information

We will use the information that we collect about you for the
following purposes:

* Marketing/ Promotional
* Customer feedback collection
* Support

If we want to use your information for any other purpose, we will
ask you for consent and will use your information only on receiving
your consent and then, only for the purpose(s) for which grant
consent unless we are required to do otherwise by law.

### How We Share Your Information

We will not transfer your personal information to any third party
without seeking your consent, except in limited circumstances as
described below:

* Analytics
* Data collection & process

We require such third party’s to use the personal information we
transfer to them only for the purpose for which it was transferred
and not to retain it for longer than is required for fulfilling the
said purpose.

We may also disclose your personal information for the following:
(1) to comply with applicable law, regulation, court order or other
legal process; (2) to enforce your agreements with us, including
this Privacy Policy; or (3) to respond to claims that your use of
the Service violates any third-party rights. If the Service or our
company is merged or acquired with another company, your information
will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner.

### Your Rights

Depending on the law that applies, you may have a right to access
and rectify or erase your personal data or receive a copy of your
personal data, restrict or object to the active processing of your
data, ask us to share (port) your personal information to another
entity, withdraw any consent you provided to us to process your
data, a right to lodge a complaint with a statutory authority and
such other rights as may be relevant under applicable laws. To
exercise these rights, you can write to us at [contact@euler.finance](mailto:contact@euler.finance). 
We will respond to your request in accordance with applicable law.

You may opt-out of direct marketing communications or the profiling
we carry out for marketing purposes by writing to us at
[contact@euler.finance(mailto:contact@euler.finance).

Do note that if you do not allow us to collect or process the
required personal information or withdraw the consent to process the
same for the required purposes, you may not be able to access or use
the services for which your information was sought.

### Cookies

We do not use cookies.

### Security

The security of your information is important to us and we will use
reasonable security measures to prevent the loss, misuse or
unauthorized alteration of your information under our control.
However, given the inherent risks, we cannot guarantee absolute
security and consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security
of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own
risk.

### Grievance

If you have any queries or concerns about the processing of your
information that is available with us, you may email us at
[contact@euler.foundation](mailto:contact@euler.foundation)
and we will address your concerns in accordance with applicable law.

*Last updated on: 06-June-2022*

*Effective date: 06-June-2022*

